the Romanian long a cat on your lap
provides pleasure and relaxation for all
those who can not have this well-being
home for lack of time or place I
will create the cafe des champs in paris
the coffee of cats is a concept that
comes from Japan it's a coffee or a
tea room with a particularity
to have for main road the felines
who reside many games and
rest are arranged for cats the
quiet place while remaining playful
restful people who have
use a book while enjoying a tea
and full of discoveries for children
who play softly in the company of
cats the place we want to create
will be beautiful he will be Parisian and warm
it will be completely new and unique in
la France
cats will be the pivot of this place that
will also offer books from the wifi
free and unlimited scented teas and
Hot chocolate with old coffee
fresh drinks and cake
generous quiches of pies from
brunch salads all in one
consumer ethics tending towards
local purchase
the bio will make the valuation of
terroir there will be cushions on the
ground to sit next to your
favorite cat comfortable chairs
for an intimate discussion with friends and
practical tables for a lunch
quick
imagine it is 13h you only have one
time for lunch is really envied
to disconnect you entered the cafe
cats and a smell of homemade pies
cooking welcomes you in
passing the door
you enter a world of calm and
all the insulin or so that's the
late afternoon
it's raining outside the city ​​and gray you
walk into the café and dogs
jumper of hot chocolate and muffins
home reaches your nostrils while a
big black cat nestle against you
to comfort you the well being of
humans who frequent coffee is very
important to us but more important
again is the welfare of the animals that
y resident
that's why all the cats will be
insured with a veterinary mutual
they will be sterilized and vaccinated
regularly more we want
give to cats who no longer have a home
a new chance that's why we
work in collaboration with the spa
to design an environment where our
chances will be happy we will adopt
of cats in the shelter the study of the
profitability of field coffee is
realized and it is positive
the next step is to harvest
funds for this second project a
reality if this idea appeals to you if the
cats coffee is a project that you
want to see exist and deny to the
make it possible by participating
financially for would receive in exchange
exclusive counterparties
you